Hello, my name is Tyr Aesir and i was told to write something by Tellians for a book. I'm still learning so please don't be mean.
I was born in Isspujtar where the best goliaths live, it's a bit cold but quite nice once you get used to it. Also there's this really
cool tree there, I remember pledging to it when I was young Freja used to tell me that it is really important but i'm not quite sure why.
Anyway I think my childhood was pretty good, I learnt how to swing an axe pretty well i think and my old man was chieftan so i always ate good.
In the summer we would often go raiding, it was a ton of fun although i didnt understand how much it hurt other people back then. I feel bad so try
to help rebuild lots of homes now when my back allows it. It was on one of the raids when my old man kicked the butter and I became Chieftan.
Soon after but not that soon i guess me and Freja were married. You have never seen such a beautiful goliath, she was smart could do nature magic
and still had the time and patience for me. I didn't deserve her, i still don't. A few years past and Vithar was born, thirteen pounds at birth!
From that moment forward I knew what my dedications were and to whom they were toward. I spent all my waking hours doing everything i could for those two.
But it came at a price, i neglected my duties and soon enough a coup had taken place. Skol lead a rebellion agaisnt me and challenged me to a holmganga or duel
i think they are called. I was defeated. Next thing I knew i was at the bottom of a mountain far from home. I tried to find my way back but couldn't and so wandered,
lost, killed some big ants and then some big snakes. There was this troll i had to run from tho, he was in a cave. What else, oh yeah there was a sea i sailed accross
then i killed some big birds they were annoying. The horse people were nice though but the desert after wasn's so nice. After a bit I got a job lifting boxes but
that bussiness got destroyed so I joined a strange bunch of people that destroyed the bussiness and followed them around. They were nice. One sparky gnome, another 
very enthusiastic gnome with a dog called Benji, a scaly dude with some fancy cocktails this broody but useful fellow with axes he seemed to throw away, not sure why
you would throw them but oh well and another broody elf who honestly was just the worst, never ever ever met a worse person ever ever, couldn't even climb a ladder if
he tried. Anyway we walked a bit, the elf was acctually not and elf but then was an elf but wasnt that elf and then we went to prison in Amiro and then broke out found
a dragon foot, destroyed Tvintir, killed an ancient skellyton king that was like a god or something, oh and Vithar was still alive! I am so proud to see the goliath he
has become although he brought the solemn news about Freja passing. I hope she died in battle and i can meet her again when i too head to Valhalla, I suspect it won't be long
now...
This is probably enough right Tellian?
Ok well i tried my best hope whoever reads this has a nice thay :)
Tyr










Hello, my name is tyr aesir and i was told ta write somting by tellians for a book. I'm stil learning so sory if its haard to red.
I was born in isspujtar were tha best goliaths live, it's a bit cold butt quite nice once u get used to it. Also there's dis rely
cool tree there, I remember pledging to it wen I was young freja used 2 tel me that it is rely important butt I'm not quite sur y.
anyway I thinc my childhood was pretty good, I learnt how ta swing an axe pretty good and my old man was chieftan so I always ate pretty good food.
in tha summer we wood often go raiding, it was fun although I didnt understand how much it hurt other peeple bak then. I feel bad so try
to help rebuild lots of homes now wen my bak is ok. It was on a raid wen my old man kicked tha botte and I became chieftan.
soon after butt not that soon I guess me and freja wer married. U hav never seen such a beautiful goliath, she was smart cood do nature magic
and stil had tha time and patience for me. I didnt deserve her, I stil dont. A few years past and vidar was born, thirteen pounds at birth!
from that moment forward me knew wat my dedications wer and to whom they wer toward. Me spent al my waking hours dooing everything me cood for them.
butt it came at a price, I neglected my dutys and soon enough a cooo had taken place. Skol lead a rebellion agaisnt me and challenged me 2 a holmganga or duel
I thinc they r called. I lost. Next thing I knew I was at tha bottom of a mountain far from home. I tried to find my way bak butt couldn't and so wandered,
lost, killed som big ants and then som big snakes. There was dis troll I had ta run from tho, he was in a cave. Wat else... o yeh there was a sea I sailed acccrosss
then I killed som big birds they wer annoying. tha horse peeple wer nice though butt tha desert after wasn's so nice. After a bit I got a job lifting boxes butt
that bissniss got destroyed so I joined a strange bunch of peeple that destroyed that bissniss and followwed them around. They wer nice. 1 sparky gnome, another 
very enthusiastic gnome with a dog called benji, a scaly dude with som fancy cocktails, dis broody butt useful fellow with axes he seemed to alwys throw away, not sur y
u wood throw them butt o wel and another broody elf hoo honestly was jus tha worst, never ever ever met a worse person ever ever, couldn't even climb a ladder if
he tried. Anyway we walked a bit, tha elf was acctually not and elf butt then was an elf butt wasnt that elf and then we went to prison in amiro and then broke out found
a dragon foot, destroyed tvintir, killed an ainchant skellyton king that was liek a god or somthing, o and vidar was stil alive! I am so proud to se tha goliath he
has become although he brought tha solemn news abbout freja passing. I hope she died in battle and I can meet her again wen I head on to valhalla, I suspect it won't b long
now...
dis is probably enough rite tellian?
ok wel I tried my best hope whoever reads dis has a nice day :)
tyr

